# Constraint Essay

  The main constraint for our medicine delivery robot is security. Security is a concern because outside users may attempt to control your medicine delivery robot without your authorization. This could result in medicine being delivered at incorrect times or maybe not even being delivered at all. The outside user could also have the robot travel an incorrect location. All of these are a concern to us as we don’t want our user’s robots to be tamped with. To combat this, we plan to have a secure login and to have the robot only be accessible via the Wi-Fi network that it is connected to. 
	
  Another constraint our medicine delivery robot could face is economic constraints. Many other automated robot’s like Roomba for example tend to be very expensive. Some Roomba models are sold for over $1,000.00. This is a concern for us as we begin to develop and design our medicine delivery robot. We don’t want our robot to be so expensive that nobody would purchase it, and we also don’t want to break the bank for our project. As a result, we are restricted to using UC’s Innovation Hub to 3D print our robot. This will save us a lot of money as we won’t have to purchase a 3D printer ourselves, we will just have to purchase the filament needed to print the robot. This does restrict us in the future if we planned to produce this on a larger scale.  
	
  The final limitation is an environmental limitation. The robot will only be able to run in an environment that has flat surfaces (no stairs) and without many obstacles between the charging/storage location and the delivery location. This means we are constrained to ranch style homes, or if the house isn’t only one story then the user must only use the robot when they are on a certain floor. This does cause some problems, but we believe this isn’t too big of an issue that it would prevent people for using our product.  
